DEVDOCS-2223: Removed Store Design References (#782)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/getting-started/transitioning-to-stencil.md

For details on using Handlebars to surface objects in Stencil, see [Stencil Technology Stack](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/stencil-docs/getting-started/stencil-technology-stack).

### Customize Page Builder mode

> While Blueprint uses Style Editor to customize legacy themes, Stencil uses Page Builder. [Page Builder](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Page-Builder) is BigCommerce’s browser-based tool that enables merchants to rapidly modify and customize a storefront’s look and feel without writing code. Stencil theme developers can configure settings for Page Builder. The configuration determines the theme’s customizable aspects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Blueprint uses Style Editor to customize legacy themes, Stencil uses Page Builder. [Page Builder](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Page-Builder) is BigCommerce's browser-based tool that enables merchants to rapidly modify, and customize a storefront's look and feel without writing code. Stencil theme developers can configure settings for Page Builder. The configuration determines the theme's customizable aspects.

```
